all right now it's time to some big fun
and hopefully educational I've always
believed too that to be a well-rounded
person you have to be willing to try new
things for instance last week in
Brooklyn I ate a pizza with another
pizza on top of it right here Moe right
yeah and I loved it and as rewarding as
it can be to have a new experience
yourself sometimes it's even more
rewarding to give that gift to someone
else so I got in touch with Mike Tyson I
asked him if he'd be willing to try some
things he's never tried before and he
said who is this and but anyway that
aside tonight I am pleased to present
our first ever edition of Tyson tries it
hello and welcome to Tyson tries it this
is Mike Tyson he's about to try
something then he never tried before are
you ready you know here we go
you recognize this no that is spin-art
this is actually just paint and a
spinning disc okay would you like to try
it
sure all right here we go let's turn it
on and go right ahead Mike Tyson making
spin art you still have the strength all
right there you go yeah this is anything
designed for children primarily what's
really really good
gooey that was Tyson tries it I tried it
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy